Why do you have a man's tie in this room?
This is your uncle's tie
This is an assignment for our costume class
I used my uncle's tie as a reference
You have this assignment in your costume class
Yes, if you don't believe me, you can ask Shanshan.
What's wrong with your neck?
What's wrong with the neck?
Nothing.
Shanshan is waiting for you downstairs
Shanshan Xiaoya is here
Shanshan
The tie is for our costume class, right?
Tie, right?
Tie? Yeah.
Shanshan, don't you want to borrow books?
Let Xiaoya take you to find it.
Yes, let's go, thank Auntie, let's go
Oh, dear.
Stop pretending
I already know about your affair with my dad
I don't understand what you're saying. I don't understand
I'll tell you what.
You got away with it this time, and next time
Next time.
You don't get so lucky every time.
We'll see.
I don't think it's good for us to hide it from Mom like this
I want to be honest with him.
Maybe he will fulfill us. Okay, Xiaoya
Oh, I see.
Do you feel sorry for your mother?
Don't worry, I promise to find a suitable opportunity.
We both knelt before him
Ask him to fulfill us, okay?
All right, bye bye.
So free today
No need to train
I miss my dad
Dad?
What is it like to play mom and daughter at the same time?